accept 
agree 
application
attend 
become
boost 
challenge
check 
code 
condition
co-worker 
develop 
expect 
fail 
goal
growth
hire 
insurance
interoperability
issue 
long-term
match 
on time
overtime
previous
resolve
salary 
sick leave
space
weakness
Talking about interests: I enjoy / like / I am good at
Describing skills and experience: I worked for / my main skills are 
Your negative sides: my weakness / disadvantage is 
Useful phrases: actually / mostly / in fact
I go for a run every morning because I have a goal - to win a marathon.
I worked for IBM and resolved interoperability issues. 
My weakness is time management but I attend a time management course.
I am interested in a position where I can use my analytical skills. 
Describing achievements: my achievement is / I completed 
Talking about difficulties: my challenge was / it was difficult but 
Accepting copromises: I agreed / disagreed but 
Useful phrases: I think / beleive / guess
My achievement is a new documentation system.
My biggest challenge was a full landing change but I completed this task.
Yesterday our project manager asked me to work overtime and I agreed. 
I beleive that the old plugins worked very slow. 
Describing goals: my long-term goals involve / are / I am going to / I would like to 
Reasons for leaving: I thank the company for / but there is no opportunity to grow there 
Explaining motivation: I am interested in / your position is / a new step in 
Useful phrases: first of all / besides / however
My long-term goal is a team leader positon in a year.
I thank Cool.Inc for the experience but I would like to use my analytical skills.
First of all, I’m interested in your product. 
Asking about money: how much do you want to earn / what is your offer 
Answering about money: I accept / don’t accept your offer 
Your questions: what will my responsibilities be / what bonuses will I have 
Useful phrases: perhaps / for sure / no doubts
What is your offer? - A million dollars! Do you accept it?
What bonuses will I have? - We will pay for your gym classes.
Can I use the company servers to check the application? 
I am not afraid of challeges and new tasks. 
In 2012 I got an IELTS certificate and improved my English. 
Are you going to work overtime today? 
 Our team always completed the project on time. 
 Did you test the new application yesterday?
 I am going to boost my English skills next week. 
 Can you (to check) the new code? 
 I resolved security issues when I worked as a security technician. 
 We don't fix the application bugs because it is not a part of our tasks. 
 Your offer is adequate, I accept it.
 We checked the logs yesterday and decided to add new features. 
 My last job was a good start but I would like to have a higher position. 
 Are you a long-term candidate or are you going to work only for a year? 
 How did you develop your analytical skills? 
 Did you agree with your CEO when he asked to work overtime?
In my free time I create Android applications.
My analytical skills help me to prioritize my tasks.
I need to boost my engineering skills.
Talking to our clients in English is a challenge for me.
This position involves working in long-term projects. 
I would like to code for different processor architectures.
I resolved the interoperability issue of our application with Mac OS.
We had a tight deadline and worked overtime. 
I checked the application code one more time because I did not think it was ready.
My goal is to be a team leader. 
I am going to attend a Java course to improve my programming skills.
I boosted my PHP knowledge at previous job but I would like to work for a product company.
Unfortunately, there was no space for professional development and no new challenges.
Did you send your resume to many companies? 
Yes, I did/No, I did not. 
I sent my resume to 3 companies... 
How many interviews did you have? Were they successful? 
I had 2 interviews at … 
What position is interesting for you in 2 years? Why? 
I am interested in a position of a … because it can help to develop my skills... 
What skills do you have for it? I have strong testing/security skills... 
Are you going to update your resume after this lesson? 
Yes, I am/ No, I am not because...