anxious - встревоженный
competitive - соревновательный distressed - беспокойный hostile - враждебный irritated - раздраженный
patient - терпеливый anticipate - предвидеть blame - винить cause - причинять
derail  - срывать gossip - сплетня rat race - крысиные бега redundancy - сокращение
rival - соперник time off - передышка
2. Vocabulary
Study these words Изучите новые слова
avoid - избегать
cope with - справляться exasperate - выводить из себя figure out  - придумать give up - бросить
handle - справляться inspire - вдохновлять outweigh - превзойти relaunch - перезапускать
remain - оставаться resign - уволиться retrain - переобучать struggle - сражаться
suffer - страдать survive - выживать


Meeting challenge: rise up to / face / accept a challenge Challenge can be: difficult, unexpected, weird Coping with challenges: ignore bad attitude and complaints / tend to be patient / prevent negativity Arguments: look at pros and cons / at it from another angle / on the one / other hand Results: end up in a win-win situation / avoid lose-lose situations
Steve Jobs accepted a terribly difficult challenge and started his own company. - Стив Джобс принял ужасно сложный вызов и создал свою компанию.
Only by ignoring bad attitude and complaints you can succeed. -  Только игноря косые взгляды и жалобы, можно добиться успеха.
On the one hand, we could to relaunch our product after the update. - С одной стороны, мы могли бы перезапустить наш продукт после обновления.
We ended up in a win-win situation and finally got financing for our project. 

Conflicts: irritated users / envious co-workers / hostile product owner /  unspoken assumptions Understanding: I see what you mean /  I am really sorry about it Assuring: I can assure you that I’ll handle it / figure out a solution Saying sorry: unfortunately / I’m afraid it’s not our policy to /  it’s not quite right
This envious co-worker drives me crazy.- Этот завистливый сотрудник просто сводит меня с ума.
I see what you mean but I can’t help you right now. - Я понимаю, о чем ты, но помочь сейчас не смогу.
I can assure that we will figure out a solution for your storage problem. - Могу заверить вас, что мы найдем решение вашей проблемы с памятью.
Unfortunately,  it’s not our policy to get back to the old version of the website. 

Feeling under pressure: because of / due to / as a result of a lack of time / money Provoking stress: fear of being laid off / working at limits of possible get us stressed-out / burnt out Reasons of burning out: throw in at the deep end / don’t see eye to eye / put my foot in with
He is under pressure because of the lost data. - Он чувствует давление, потому что данные были утеряны.
All last month I was working at the limits of possible. - Весь прошлый месяц я работал на пределе возможного.
Our CEO threw me in at the deep end with the new IOS app - I have never done it before! 

Win-win: don’t suck it up / never back down Tips: engage all skills / feedback / use the right of choice / stick to plain and simple / make a difference Leading: a one horse race / in the driving seat / ahead of the game
No reasons to suck it up! We will get this project! - Нет причин распускать сопли! Мы получим этот проект!
Get some feedback - it will help you move on. - Собери обратную связь - это поможет тебе двигаться дальше.
Now that you are in the driving seat you can choose your own objectives! 

Choose the correct option - выберите правильный вариант: 01. We need to accept / accept / accepting this difficult challenge. 02. We often gets / getting / get feedback to prevent negativity. 03. Let’s / let / lets look at all pros and cons of this program. 04.  After two hours of negotiating we ended up / ended down / ended in a win-win situation. 05.  Trying / tries / try to look at it from another angle and don’t hurry with conclusions.
Write the correct form - напишите правильную форму: 06. I (to think) that irritated users can stress him own - he is so cool! 07. My friend (to be) really sorry about it! 08. Now I (to see) what you mean when you say it’s not working. 09. Unfortunately, we (can) help you because your computer is offline. 10. We can (to assure) you that the website will be back on in two minutes!
Correct the mistake - исправьте ошибку: 11. I feel terrible because of workings up to limits of possible. 12. The trouble are that we don’t see eye to eye with our product manager. 13. I really puts my foot in with the last update. We had to call back all the latest devices. 14. You are on the driving seat so why are you so anxious? 15. Never back up! Our team can’t give up!


Use any chance to accept the challenge and you will succeed. - Используйте любой шанс принять вызов и вы будете успешны.
Ignore bad attitude and complaints - they cause stress. - Игнорьте косые взгляды и жалобы - они приводят к стрессу.
If you want to avoid lose-lose situations carefully look at all the pros and cons. - Если хотите избежать поражения, тщательно взвешивайте все за и против.
On the one hand it’s a lot of money but on the other hand the terms are too tight to cope with the task. - С одной стороны куча денег, но с другой стороны слишком сжатые сроки чтобы выполнить задачу. 
It’s not our policy to update devices which are older than 2 years. - Не в наших правилах обновлять устройства, которые старше 2 лет.
Due to the lack of money we have to take a time off. - По причине нехватки денег мы вынуждены сделать передышку.
Fear of being laid off drives people crazy and makes them hostile. - Страх пасти задних сводит людей с ума и делает их враждебными.
As a result of redundancy our work is a rat race now. - Из-за сокращений наша работа теперь превратилась в крысиные бега.
Nothing can derail the project work because we got inspired by our team leader. - Ничто не может сорвать проектную работу, потому что нас вдохновил наш тим лид.
You can’t blame our tech support - they never back down! 

Remember the last time you felt stressed out at work. What was it? It was… because... Have you ever put your foot in with anything? Give details. Yes, I have / No, I haven’t. It was… because Do you always look at all pros and cons before making a decision? Yes, I do / No, I don’t because... Do you have envious co-workers? How do you know? Yes, I do / No, I don’t because... Have you felt like you are in a rat race? Why? I believe / think / guess yes / no because...

