benchmark - критерий bleeding edge - новейший продукт
bootstrapping - самораскрутка cloudware - облачное ПО cost variance - отклонения от затрат debt financing - привлечение 
кредитования
due diligence - комплексная юроценка elevator speech - краткая презентация equity financing - акционерное 
финансирование
founder - учредитель ground floor - начальный этап loan - заем mezzanine financing - дополнительное 
финансирование
middleware - межплатформенное ПО proof of concept - проверка концепции
2. Vocabulary
Study these words Изучите новые слова
return on investment - эффективность 
инвестиций
revenue - доход
venture capital - предпринимательский 
капитал
vesting - передача права compelling - убедительный
crucial - решающий flawless - безупречный sustainable  - устойчивый tremendous  - колоссальный
viable - жизнеспособный alter - видоизменять bankroll - спонсировать overrule - отклонить
reinforce - усилить underlie 


Start up is:  innovation / new concept to fill a market gap / provide an updated solution Start up benchmarks:  grow rapidly / suggest risks and keep them in mind Start up money: bootstrapping / attracting venture and angel investors you can rely on Start up plan: exit strategy to become a worldwide corporation
A new concept is supposed to underlie any start up. - В основе любого стартапа должен лежать новый концепт.
You can’t call your business a start up unless your company grows rapidly. - Не называйте свою компанию стартапом, если нет активного роста.
The best option to get money for your business  is to attract angel investors. - Лучший способ получить деньги на свой бизнес - это привлечь мецената.
What is your exit strategy? 


Getting started: eliminate uncertainty / get the process up and running / turn the idea into the product Moving on: work smarter, not harder to develop a minimum viable product Validated Learning Loop:  Build - Measure - Learn = key for progress Start up requirements:  professional management / being different
To get the process up and running you need clear goals. - Чтобы наладить процесс, нужны четкие цели.
Work smarter and your company will bring you a lot of revenues. - Работайте с умом и компания принесет вам много доходов.
Build code, measure data and learn ideas to stay a sustainable business. - Создавайте код, измеряйте данные и изучайте новые идеи, чтобы оставаться устойчивой компанией.
Any start up requires professional management. 

Moving forward: step up / get ahead / make headway Brainstorming: come up with / make up / dream up an idea Looking for stuff: screen and hire / acquihire / head hunt right-minded people Getting to the point: meet needs / satisfy customer demands Outstanding idea: breakthrough / tremendous success / disruptive technology / revolutionary stuff
The first thing to do is making headway and starting your own business. - Первым делом стоит прорваться вперед и начать свой бизнес.
Once you have come up with an idea let your minimum viable product see the world. - Как только вы придумали концепт, выпускайте в мир свой прототип.
We had to acquihire Dotcom.Inc to get good architects. - Пришлось выкупить Dotcom.Inc, чтобы заполучить хороших архитекторов.
Nobody needs a product that doesn’t satisfy customer demands. - Никому не нужен продукт, не удовлетворяющий потребности пользователей.
Twitter is often referred to as an outstanding idea or revolutionary stuff. 

Leading: be passionate or crazy about your product / stubborn on your vision / flexible on details Attracting: obsess about / win over customers with user-friendly services / keep them loyal and curious Modifying: throw away a rule book / pivot your company Earning: don’t chase a quick buck / aim for fame and fortune 
Bill Gates has always been stubborn on his vision. - Бил Гейтс всегда гнул свою линию.
Don’t forget to always keep your clients loyal and curious about your services. - Не забывайте подогревать интерес пользователей своего сервиса.
Know when to throw away a rule book or you’ll never succeed. - Знайте, когда выкинуть сборник правил или не преуспеете.
So many startups were aiming for fame and fortune but some of them lost.


Choose the correct option - выберите правильный вариант: 01. A good idea underlies / abovelies / intolies any famous startup. 02. They still have / has / having some money thanks to bootstrapping. 03. How cans you / do you can / can you keep in mind all the risks at the ground floor? 04.  Cost variance mustn’t / must / musted be serious or your investor will refuse you. 05.  We will reinforced / reinforcing / reinforce our team with strong architects.
Write the correct form - напишите правильную форму: 06. Their company often (to develop) middleware for various businesses. 07. How (to avoid (we)) debt financing if we have zero money left? 08. The benchmark tests were (to conduct) as a proof of concept. 09. We regularly (to examine) return on investment of all the companies in the Silicon valley. 10. Incubators (to be) always successful in helping start-ups with venture capital.
Correct the mistake - исправьте ошибку: 11. The angel investorings will provide us with 2 million $ of mezzanine financing. 12. You can’t overrules our agreement! 13. His ideas was flawless but the management was awful. 14. We need a compelling and charismatic leaders. 15. They have develops a bleeding edge security system!


He convinced us with the elevator speech and we decided to fund his company. - Он убедил нас с помощью короткой презентации и мы решили финансировать его компанию.
We can offer you an updated solution of the compression algorithm. - Мы можем предложить вам обновленное решение по использованию алгоритма компрессии.
Their exit strategy was clear and compelling. - Их стратегия выхода на рынок была ясной и убедительной.
A lot of angel investors overruled our project before we got successful. - Многие меценаты отвергали наш проект прежде, чем мы стали успешными.
IBM pivoted their strategy and became even more successful. - IBM полностью изменили свою стратегию и стали еще успешней.
You can win over customers with user-friendly services and discounts. - Можно привлечь пользователей удобными сервисами и скидками.
Most of famous start up leaders obsess about their products. - Большинство лидеров известных стартапов зациклены на своих продуктах. Don’t chase a quick buck and plan ahead. - Не гонитесь за шальными деньгами и планируйте наперед.
One way to keep your users curious is to launch a creative advertising campaign. - Один из способов поддерживать любопытство своих пользователей - это запустить креативную рекламную акцию.
Be flexible and ready to alter your company strategy.  - Будьте гибкими и готовыми изменить стратегию своей компании.


Would you like to start your own company? If yes, what kind? Yes, I would / no, I wouldn’t… It could be... What startups can you remember? Give as many as possible. I can remember... Do you personally know people who started their own companies? Yes, I do / No, I don’t... Have you had to talk to investors? Yes, I have / no, I haven’t… Have you ever chased a quick buck and failed? If yes, what was it? Yes, I have / no, I haven’t… It was...
