update
upper-intermediate
able
achievement
apply for
associate
bachelor
change
create
degree
elementary
experience
familiar
fluent
full-time
great
highly
implement
improve
intermediate
layout
operate
opportunity
part-time
prioritize
range
reduce
relevant
reverse
skills
Resume is: a short document with comfortable layout and relevant information
Resume sections: contacts, professional profile, skills, experience, education
Experience and education: must be in reverse order
You can add: other skills section, cover letter
Full-time test automation engineer, 2013 – 2014. Part-time waiter, June, 2012 – July, 2012.
Zend Framework Certificate, October 2010, Bachelor degree in Information Technology, June 2008.
Strong management skills and good knowledge of Information Security.
Professional profile is: short information about relevant experience and skills
4+ years of professional experience in information security.
Expert and highly familiar with a broad variety of security, engineering, networking and operating system software. 
Reverse engineering: Ollydbg, WinDbg, GDB, IDA Pro, PEiD, malware sandbox. 
Experience consists of: company name / website, work period, achievements / duties
Education part includes: school name, specialization, graduation date, certificates
Other skills section includes: English level, hobbies, other skills
English levels are: elementary, intermediate, upper-intermediate, fluent
Network Technician: January 2012 – December 2014.
Created a bug-free plugin that made team work faster.
Information Technology College, Associate’s Degree in Information Security, May 2011. 
Great experience in Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop), intermediate level of English. 
Cover letter is: a business letter to an HR manager to get a plus in your karma
Start with: Dear Mr. or Ms. and the name of the HR manager
Explain: how you found and why you want this job
Describe: your main achievements
At the end: thanks for the attention and regards
Dear Mr. Eddisson, I am highly interested in your position at findajob.com.
In 2014 I wrote a script that reduced the number of bugs. 
Thank you for your time. Please, contact me for any relevant information.
Regards, Andrew Wilson.
I have improved the security system recently. 
Studied reverse engineering at college in 2014. 
03. I have used a great number of programming instruments for 2 years. 
04. My achievement is the new design of our website. 
05. Expert in engineering with good PHP skills.
06. I have changed my job lately. 
07. Implement a bug-free documentation system two years ago. 
08. Reduced a range of bugs last week. 
09. I have worked with highly professional developers since 2013. 
10. Operated in Windows and Linux platforms from 2010 to 2012.
11. I would like to show my interest in this position. 
12. I am familiar with a range of testing instruments. 
13. Regards, John Gates. 
14. Operated in Ubuntu, Windows Server and Mac OS in 2007. 
15. Intermediate English level.
What was your last job? Give details. 
My last job was... 
I worked for... 
What were the main tasks? 
Try to list all of them. 
My main tasks were… 
What areas do you have experience in? 
I have experience in... 
Do you often check job advertisements on the internet? 
What resources do you use? I never/often/rarely check... 
What is your main achievement in work? My main achievement is…
Professional profile: Professional with a great experience in Java and PHP. 
Highly familiar with a big number of programming tools. 
Bachelor of Information Technology 
Associate Degree in Web Design 
Professional experience: Worked with email spam filters, firewalls, anti-virus systems and vulnerability scanners.
Implemented a bug-free mail system. 
Operated in a datacenter environment. 
Cover letter: In my last job I had a big number of tasks in software engineering. 
I am highly interested in your position at job.com. 
I would like to apply for a position of a PHP-programmer. 
Please, call me for any relevant to my resume information. 
Additional information: Highly familiar with PHP 5 
Expert in software engineering 
Fluent English and French